Previously on
"Reginald the Vampire..."
You really like her,
don't you?
Her name is Sarah.
Maybe you should do
something about that.
Are you busy Friday night?
No, no, I'm not busy.
I think it would be fun
if we went out.
Sure.
How have you never been
on a date before?
Leave him alone!
I can fix this, Reggie.
I had the weirdest dream
last night.
No, you're not dreaming.
I'm a mother------- vampire!
Being a fat vampire,
that's gonna cause
some problems
within the vampire community.
I'm going to be
like this forever.
Vampires can't glamour
other vampires, all right?
You need to feed, man.
But I don't want
to kill anyone.
You don't have to.
We need to break up.
I reject your imaginary
break up
and think that you
and I need to have
an open and honest conversation
about what's going on
between us.
Could I come in now please?
Okay.
Um, the best way to have
an honest conversation
is to just dive in
without hesitation or fear.
Are you... all right?
Reginald?
- Better now.
- Good.
Because, um...
- Stop right there.
Don't come any closer.
Can't break up
if we were never together.
That's a fair point,
semantically sound.
We're on the same
wavelength here.
I feel like there's something
that you're not telling me,
and Reginald,
you can tell me anything.
I know how you could
assume that,
but there's just some things
a man can't share.
Try me.
What's the story,
morning glory?
Sarah, there is nothing
I'd rather do
than be with you,
but I can't.
Because...
the timing's wrong,
or the gods are against us,
or the stars are out
of alignment.
Probably all of those things
at the same time.
We can't be together.
No, no!
Sarah, what was I thinking?
I was wrong!
I don't care about the stars.
Of course we can be together.
We have to be.
There's nothing
in the world I want more.
However, in the interest
of full disclosure,
I have to tell you something,
so brace yourself
because, again, fully aware
of what a shocker
this is gonna be, but...
the thing I wasn't telling you,
my big, bold,
impossible secret is...
I'm a mother------- vampir--
No, no, I'm still
not entirely on board
with that catchphrase.
She didn't hear
a word I said?
Sorry, no.
How did you even know
she was here?
The sire bond, man.
It's like an alarm bell.
What you feel, I feel.
You don't wanna feel
what I feel.
Understood.
You made her go.
I just put a different
thought in her head.
What will she remember
from tonight?
I went a little deeper
than that.
What?
No first date
for her to miss,
no reason for her to come here,
no conversation once she did,
and no catchphrase.
Is Sarah gonna remember
that she likes me?
Well, I didn't tell her
not to, man,
but it's an inexact science.
So summing up again,
body issues for an eternity,
unable to control
my most basic urges,
and unfit for human interaction
including, of course, romance.
Well, hey, hey,
none of that is permanent
except for the body part.
Something
to look forward to then.
Look, you need to feed,
Reggie, okay?
Nothing changes until you get
your teeth into someone.
What if I don't?
Well, it won't kill you,
but some very inconvenient
shit will start to happen.
Define "inconvenient shit."
Drop your fangs, bite,
and drink.
Oh, and don't forget,
make them forget
after it's over.
I've never
glamoured anyone before.
Well, it's a part
of your nature now.
Then come with me.
Show me how to feed.
- I can't do that.
- Why?
Sorry, tradition.
There comes a time when baby
birds gotta leave the nest,
even if they need
a little push.
- I am not a baby bird.
- No.
No, you're
a mother------- vampire!
Welcome to the Slushy Shack.
How may I help you?
Welcome to Slushy Shack.
What?
- Todd wanted to have a--
- Whoa.
How about a little warning
next time?
Sorry.
Sometimes I violate
people's personal space.
And...
Todd wanted to have
a serious talk with you
about your attitude,
but I convinced him
I might be more efficient
at getting to the bottom
of what's bugging you.
- Oh? Okay.
Fair enough.
What's up with the attitude,
buddy boy?
Okay, how is this
more efficient?
I employ the direct approach
when necessary.
Spill the beans.
I'm worried, and I don't know
what to do about it.
Go on.
There's this friend of mine.
I'm worried about her health.
- She's sick?
- Not exactly.
So this is not
a health problem?
It's--it's complicated.
I'm trying to figure out
how to help her.
I mean, let's say that she's
not entirely okay,
but has no idea she's not okay.
Like you're sick
and don't know it.
Maybe waiting
until things get better
is my best option,
but I can't wait.
Waiting for things to get
better is glass half full
foolishness
that never wins the day.
Right.
Okay, well, good talk, Ashley.
I needed this.
Thanks, I guess.
Okay.
One, pull yourself together
when you're at the register
and never bark
at a customer again.
Got it.
Attitude check.
Two, you're weirdly indirect
about this,
but I'm sensing genuine emotion
in between the lines
when it comes to this anonymous
friend of yours,
so I'm gonna say
what I told you at the start.
"What's with the attitude,
buddy boy?"
Employ the direct approach
when necessary.
Dude, they slapped me.
Wh--
what the f--
Hi.
- Hey.
- Hey?
- Reginald.
Sorry I'm late.
It was so weird.
I forgot how to get here.
I mean, well, I didn't forget,
but, like, I did.
So what did you do
last night?
Not much. Nothing.
I don't know.
I was just thinking about
what we were talking about
at work yesterday.
Oh.
Well, I don't really remember
what we talked about.
Follow-up question.
Have you been
on any dates lately?
No.
I don't think so.
I mean, no, I haven't.
But, uh, why would you
ask me that?
Um, nothing,
just collegial interest
in your social calendar.
Oh.
What's the story,
morning glory?
- Okay.
That's a Blur song, right?
What do you see
when you look at me?
Are you okay?
I'm Reginald.
I'm Sarah.
Is there a reason you're acting
like we never met?
Gah!
Have we met?
You killed my brother.
I'm sorry. You're gonna
have to be more specific.
You killed Isaac.
Again, my apologies.
The funny thing is I actually
killed more than one Isaac,
so fill in the details for me.
Are we talking about Dallas Ike
or maybe the Isaac
I killed in Berlin?
Come on, man.
- You killed my brother.
Which we established,
and--and did I mention
how sorry I was about that?
Hey, hey, hey!
Look, if we're gonna fight,
first we gotta establish
some rules, right?
We're not gonna fight.
I'm gonna rip your head
off your body.
No, no, no, I-I like my head.
It's been on my body
for over 75 years.
Look, Isaac wasn't a bad guy.
He was just mean and--
and a little vain,
and in a lot of ways,
that's worse, right?
He didn't have to die.
He wasn't really
a threat to me.
In truth, he had his hands up
to surrender.
But he hurt
a friend of mine, okay?
And my feeling was, I was
putting Isaac down for good.
Ugh.
Maurice, let me in!
I'm not a baby bird!
I'm a man!
Now let me in!
Hey!
He's not in here.
- Oh.
- You're Reginald.
- Who--who are you?
- I'm Mike.
Do you--I-I need help.
Sounds like it.
Do you know
where Maurice went?
Well, he comes and he goes.
Do you--do you know
when he'll be back?
Why don't you come inside,
and we'll wait together?
Thank you.
- You're late.
- Yeah, sorry.
I ran into somebody.
Angel's Blood,
you're going in hot.
- It's what I need.
- Going after her.
I never took you
for the death wish type--
Look, can you get it for me
or not?
Sure, but, I mean,
you gotta understand
the risks involved.
The weight of something
like this is--
On the other hand,
happy to oblige.
It's like he erased her.
I mean, sure,
she remembers who I am,
but what if she never remembers
how she felt about me?
What if it's just
an empty space?
The thing about glamouring,
the essential comes back.
Sarah forgot
what she did last night,
but one way or another,
she'll reclaim
how she feels about you.
Is there, like,
a timetable that I can consult
that will let me know
when that happens?
When you measure your life
in centuries,
patience is a virtue.
This would be a lot easier
if you could just glamour
a comprehensive undead
life hack into my head.
Vampires can't glamour
other vampires.
Told you that.
What are we talking about?
Love.
Love is constant.
Only the names change.
How you doing, Reggie?
Other than thinking vampires
have a pretty convenient
gestalt for love,
I'm not doing great, thank you.
Reggie's special.
He just hasn't realized it yet.
Hey.
What's the square root
of 65,894?
256.698.
What's the first sentence
of the seventh chapter
of the last book you read?
"War and Peace."
"The rustle of a woman's dress
was heard in the next room."
He's smart.
That's his superpower.
It feels like a parlor trick.
No, it's not a trick.
Okay, that's function.
You're exceptional.
Take advantage of that.
Gee, I had no idea
how amazing I was.
All right,
it's time for you to go.
Feed or fall apart.
Hey.
Drop your fangs, bite,
and drink.
Make them forget
when it's over.
Exactly.
Ugh, come on.
What's wrong with me?
Come on.
Almost there.
Ah.
Oh, f--
So the baby bird returns
to the nest.
No, that's not Reginald.
Back so soo--
Hi, I'm Angela.
Maurice home?
Come on in.
What the--
Nice night.
I love a warm breeze.
- You about to jump me?
- Not exactly.
You think I'm prey
for a dude like you?
That's actually closer
to the truth
than you might understand.
Educate me, little man.
I want to drink your blood.
- Excuse me?
- I need to drink your blood.
- Get away from me.
- I could break your neck
before you even knew
what hit you.
Only thing's neck
you can break off
is a bucket of fried chicken.
- Make it easy on yourself.
Come with me,
and I will let you live.
I don't think so.
You--you don't know
who you're messing with.
I am vampyre.
I-I own the night.
I'll--I'll pay you $25.
$25 for my blood?
$50, but we'd have to go
to an ATM first.
Hang on. If you a vampire,
where are your damn fangs?
Ah-ah.
Ah.
They're temporarily unavailable.
I don't know
who you think you're fooling,
but vampires are all
Patterson and shit.
Where your cheekbones, fool?
Well, in truth, vampires come
in all shapes and sizes now--
I'm done talking, understand?
Comic-Con is next month.
Listen to me!
Oh, I'm listening,
mother------.
So...
How long has it been
since you two last saw
each other?
A very long time.
I saw you in New York
the night David Dinkins got
elected mayor.
I didn't see you.
No. No, you didn't.
I hear you met
Isaac's brother, Erich.
Man needs
a weapons designation,
not a name.
Well, I just wanted
you to know face-to-face,
personally, that Erich will
no longer be a problem.
You have my word.
Well, Angie,
if we got your word...
I smell home cooking.
- Etouffee.
- Oh.
Like Maurice's
mother used to make.
Well, it was nice
meeting you, Angela.
Is there anything else
we can do for you tonight?
I should go.
It was lovely to meet you too.
Mike, is it?
I really didn't mean
to intrude.
I just wanted to see you
in the flesh
after all of these years.
Don't be a stranger,
young soldier.
I remember we were
gonna break 'em.
Who you breaking now?
Wait and see.
Late for work?
Something like that.
Chocoholic Blast,
just a pinch
of Tropical Coconut.
I feel the need to feed.
You and me both.
Reginald?
I appreciate
the customer service,
but I'm perfectly capable
of riding home by myself.
There's a creepy vibe
to what's happening here.
You get that, right?
I-I can't do this.
I can't.
Can't do what?
Back the---- up!
Language.
Dude, you have fangs.
They have a mind
of their own.
Out they come, in they go.
I'm helpless to control them,
and you'd think
after all this time--
I-I mean, it hasn't
been a ton of time--
Are you a vampire?
Regrettably, yes.
But you're fat.
I don't know why
that's relevant,
but everyone keeps
harping on it,
so hey, thank you.
I'm fully aware
of my body issues.
You were gonna feed on me.
It felt like
my last available option.
Well, I'm not
letting you do that.
As you wish.
I forbid you entry
into my home.
Sounds about right.
Be gone,
undead creature of the night.
Is that really necessary?
Reginald, are you okay?
No.
What are you gonna do?
I'm gonna sit here
and wait for the sun to rise.
- But won't that burn you up?
- If I'm lucky.
And sorry in advance
for the mess.
I'll probably wash
right off the sidewalk.
What's it like
being a vampire?
How does it look?
Who made you?
Long story.
Well, JFTR,
I know all about vampires,
so I won't let you glamour me.
- Not to worry.
The last time I tried
to glamour someone,
I got punched in the face.
Will you promise
not to bite me
if I get you something
good to eat?
Yes.
How do I know
I can trust you?
I'm a vampire,
not an asshole.
Right.
Weak as a kitten too.
Are--aren't you gonna
invite me in?
I was just kidding
about you not entering.
Pretty sure that's just
something they made up on TV.
I mean, think about it.
Mom will be back soon.
That's when
her second job ends,
so you have to eat and run.
And she leaves you
all alone like this?
Perfectly capable
of taking care of myself.
Not sure if this will help,
but it can't hurt.
There's blood in there, right?
Technically, it's not blood.
It's just water
and a protein called myoglobin.
My grandmother says
chew your food 32 times
before you swallow.
Oh.
That was an emergency.
Pretty gross, to be honest.
Sorry. Mm.
Well...
I'm gonna go
before your mom comes home.
This is the weirdest
fairy tale ever told.
Uh, will you come back
and visit?
I mean,
outside of the Slushy Shack.
Mom's got extra long
hours all week,
so I get bored.
Plenty of steaks
in the freezer.
I'll thaw some out.
- It's a date.
- Still a little creepy.
I'm a vampire.
Creepy's my brand.
Up high, big guy.
Oops.
What is it?
An invitation.
It's from Angela.
What the what?
What the hell
are we doing here?
You hate this woman.
After everything
she did to you?
If I'm gonna destroy Angela,
end her for good,
then I need to know everything
there is to know
about her world.
It's like she taught me,
knowledge is power.
- Have a great night.
- Have a good night.
I'm giving Reginald ten minutes
to get here,
suit up, and get to work,
or else...
Hi, welcome to Slushy Shack.
How can I help you?
- Hi, welcome to Slushy Shack.
Reginald.
Whoa.
I'm having a bad skin day.
I'd say so.
Maybe you should
get that looked at?
Yeah, first thing
in the morning.
Okay.
Uh, Todd's getting
pretty impatient,
so you should probably
get out front
or see a dermatologist?
Uh, whatever you think is best.
Did you ever hear
of the story
of the ant and the horse?
The what now?
The ant and the horse.
I...can't say that I have.
There's this horse,
and it's totally beautiful
a-and the envy
of all other horses.
So a pretty good horse.
Best horse possible.
And every day, the horse
runs past this anthill,
and an ant waits
for the horse every day.
Now, the horse doesn't know
the ant exists,
but for the ant, the horse
is the most important thing
in the world, so it waits,
but the horse just runs on by.
Not sure how I feel about
this whole insect-horse story.
And then, one day,
the horse stops to graze,
like, right next
to the anthill,
and the ant who's been waiting
and hoping for so long,
this is his moment.
He--he walks up to the horse,
and there's so much
he wants to tell her,
a tidal wave of feeling,
but then he notices
that the horse is about
to eat arrowgrass.
- Is that bad?
- The worst.
- Oh.
- Arrowgrass has a high
cyanide content, totally
poisonous for the horse.
Oh, that's not good.
So the ant races
right up her nose,
like, deep up in there,
and the horse rears back and sneezes,
shaking its head,
and it just trots off,
leaving the grass behind.
What happened to the ant?
He shot right out of her nose
and bounced off a tree,
but he limps back to his hill,
and that's where he waits
every day
for the horse to return because...
he'll save her life
again and again
if that's what it takes.
So...
slushy counter
or emergency dermatologist?
Let's go back to work.
Dude, you look like
the shit a shit took.
All right, maybe you should
just take a sick day.
Uh, hey, excuse me?
Could I grab--
- Just one second, sir.
That hat is not regulation,
and I'm gonna have
to ask you to remove
the sunglasses pronto.
Welcome to the Slushy Shack.
How may I help you?
Big guy, you need to feed,
and you need to feed now.
Tell me something
I don't know.
Your face looks like
toxic waste.
I know, thank you.
Here you go.
Feed on Todd.
What?
No, that's disgusting.
He's young.
He's fit.
I bet his blood tastes awesome.
Regi-wide, you stink.
Feed on Todd.
What the hell happened
to your face?
There you go.
Thanks for coming.
We'll see you again real soon.
Yep. Thanks.
Uh, maybe I should check
on Reginald.
You want to check,
check on your own time.
Welcome to Slushy Shack.
How can I help you?
Hey.
What are you
doing back there?
That break room...
- I can help you.
Is for employees only.
Reginald is very, very sick.
Tell someone who cares, okay?
I think he's dead.
Don't move.
I'll be right back.
Dude, get your ass out of here.
Whatever mess you're making,
I do not want to clean it up,
you understand me?
Oh.
You're disgusting.
Something's wrong
with your eyes, man.
What the hell happened
to your mouth?
Je--Jesus!
You know what?
That does it, okay?
You're fired.
What's with the eye----, friendo?
Listen to me!
What?
Listen to me.
Listen, listen, listen.
I'm going to bite your neck
and drink your blood,
and that fills you
with joy and happiness.
It is the greatest thing
that's ever happened to you,
and when I'm done,
you will forget
that it ever happened.
Ooh.
What did you do?
You drugged me?
Where's Mike?
Why?
- Aw, baby,
you know the answer to that.
Todd?
Hello, Sarah.
What do you say we get
ourselves back to work, huh?
Okay.
Nice.
Maurice.
Comfortable?
A coffin, seriously?
And you always said
I didn't have a sense of humor.
Do I look amused?
Where am I?
You're in a wooden box
about to incinerate,
but if it's any consolation,
as your maker,
I will know the exact moment
when you burn.
I'll feel it.
I made you in Oakland.
You were such a beautiful boy,
but your hunger for revenge
almost ended us,
and I followed you
all the way home
where I begged you
to leave your family behind,
but you would not listen to me.
Do not speechify me
before you shove me
into this fire.
And now you show up in Ohio
without any good reason
except for that's where I am.
Did you think
I wouldn't see you coming?
Angel's Blood?
What the hell were
you thinking, young soldier?
Is that how you honor
the gift that I gave you?
I gave you forever,
and that vampire you made
is an abomination.
Perfection is what keeps
our nation safe,
and not only
is he less than perfect,
but he is defective, grotesque,
and an insult to our purity.
Reginald Andres will not
survive the night.
Angela! Angela!
Oh, my sweet Lord.
Don't mind the rotund vampire
of very little importance.
He's just passing through.
- Angela!
- It's like I was never here.
Who are you?
Nobody, trust me on that.
Everyone thinks so.
You don't belong here.
I mean,
if you think about it,
does anyone really belong here?
You're lying to me.
Again, not to argue
semantics, but--
I'm gonna rip your head off.
Geronimo!
Listen to me!
Listen, listen, listen.
Maurice!
You won't believe
what I just did.
My damn feet are on fire!
Got it.